Zhang Shoucheng
Are you really like a pig's nose with a green onion?
A porter's waste
How dare you challenge the armed Daochang Sun
kid
How dare you look down on me armed monster
courting death Zhang Shoucheng
Don't think you can get lawless if you know the trick
Respecting Taoist priests is a famous family with armed crowns
Decent big disciple
Just use a few spells to make you beg for death
I say this porter's trash
Why did it suddenly become so powerful?
It's a liar's trick
An inferior person is an inferior person
Non-uniform boy, how dare you be a mess
Chaos
You wait for me.
True or False
You know that
Why bother?
Miss Newtown, please take your seats
Next, please invite us to Skylark Heavenly Palace
Lot 2
Purple gold gourd
This purple-gold gourd belongs to the Kunlun Mountains
3,000 years ago
The gourd bottle does not rot for thousands of years
Legend has it that there is also a Millennium Life Extension Pill in the gourd
Cure all diseases
The starting price is 10 million
This Millennium Longevity Pill is very precious
Today's girl will be healthy after eating it
The elixir in the purple gold gourd
Dear, you are going to be saved.
It is actually serious for thousands of years
I bid 60 million
I give 70 million
I'll give you 100 million.
Chinese
Don't argue with me about this Millennium Yan Shoudan
Even if my Qin family sacrificed their lives
I also want to buy 150 million for Jing'er
Thank you, Mr. Qin
If you can save the little girl
I will marry Shuanger Jinger into the State of Qin together
Ok ok ok
Xiao Hu
Stop
This gourd cannot be opened.